Selective Deployments Tutorial (#259)
spinkube/documentation: content/en/docs/topics/selective-deployments.md

route = "/bye"
component = "goodbye"

[component.goodbye]
source = "main.wasm"
allowed_outbound_hosts = []
[component.goodbye.build]
command = "tinygo build -target=wasi -gc=leaking -no-debug -o main.wasm main.go"
watch = ["**/*.go", "go.mod"]
```

With Selective Deployments, you can choose to deploy only specific components without modifying the source code. For this example, we’ll deploy just the `hello` component.  

> Note that if you had an Spin application with more than two components, you could choose to deploy multiple components selectively. 

To Selectively Deploy, we first need to turn our application into a SpinApp Custom Resource with the `spin kube scaffold` command, using the optional `--component` field to specify which component we’d like to deploy:

```bash
spin kube scaffold --from ghcr.io/spinkube/spin-operator/salutations:20241105-223428-g4da3171 --component hello --replicas 1 --out spinapp.yaml
```

Now if we take a look at our `spinapp.yaml`, we should see that only the hello component will be deployed via Selective Deployments:

```yaml
apiVersion: core.spinkube.dev/v1alpha1
kind: SpinApp
metadata:
  name: salutations
spec:
  ## TODO update image

>   image: "ghcr.io/spinkube/spin-operator/salutations:20241105-223428-g4da3171"

Author: NVM - I thought I saw a TODO in the app directory but you're right it's good to go.

  executor: containerd-shim-spin
  replicas: 1
  components:
  - hello
```

## Run a Selective Deployment

Now you can deploy your app using kubectl apply -f as you normally would:

```bash
# Deploy the spinapp.yaml using kubectl
kubectl apply -f spinapp.yaml
# TODO make sure that's the right domain
spinapp.core.spinkube.dev/salutations created
```

Optionally, let’s test that only our hello component is running. We’ll use port-forwarding to access our service locally:

```bash
kubectl port-forward svc/salutations 8083:80
```

Now let’s call the `/hi` route. If the hello component is running correctly, we should see a response of "hello":

```bash
curl localhost:8083/hi
# TODO include output
```

Next, let’s try the `/bye` route. This should fail, confirming that only the hello component was deployed:

```bash
curl localhost:8083/bye
# TODO include output
```

> And there you have it! A subset of your Spin application deployed on SpinKube with no modifications to your source code. This approach lets you quickly deploy only the components you need, which can improve efficiency in environments where only specific services are required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And there you have it! You selectively deployed a subset of your Spin application to SpinKube with no modifications to your source code. This approach lets you easily deploy only the components you need, which can improve efficiency in environments where only specific services are required.
```
